hi my name is Rachel I am the director
of marketing for a B2B SAS company
called wildspark um our platform scales
leadership development for organizations
just to help grow their people in soft
skills and managerial skills um and to
do it in a way that is really effortless
um through a a scalable platform so I
have had the pleasure of working with
Sam and breaking B2B for I think over
six months now um and really the problem
that led to us needing SEO help with
that we didn't have any pages to drive
traffic um that was high intent traffic
and so myself as a marketer who
constantly is evaluating my tech stack
and buying uh software targeted for
marketers um I knew how important it was
to have alternative pages and Pages out
there for people who are actively in
market and comparing their options and
so um I knew from the onset of taking on
this job that I really wanted to create
competitor type pages and content that
was optimized for people who were just
in the comparison stage and so we went
ahead and we did that for about 10 of
our competitors and I interviewed
several possible agencies and
individuals to take on this project but
Sam and reing B2B they were really the
ones who seemed to get it and value it
and understand what an accelerant it
could be for our revenue and for our
business and so um that was just a
really great process process I was able
to turn over the project brief really
quickly with some research that I had
and they took care of the rest um there
wasn't a lot of tedious back and forth
um I felt like I was in good hands and
with somebody I could trust and who knew
what they were doing um and the end
result is something that I'm really
proud of um it's great content it sounds
like our brand voice it's it's it's
thorough it's well researched and so I'm
really happy with how that project went
and really happy with the results that
we had even just in the first 30 days
you know we often think of as something
that's going to really be a marathon and
a long haul but within the first 30 days
of publishing those pages we were
indexed on page one for people who were
searching um for alternatives to our
competitors and so on a daily basis I
log in um to some of my tracking
software and see people finding those
pages and learning about our company um
and it's just been a really great
undertaking so highly recommend working
uh with Sam on any SEO that you need but
then also after that Pro we decided to
bring breaking B2B on as just our
long-term website partner so they host
our website um they handle conversion
rate optimization and they handle SEO
projects really for lwh hanging fruit
they're gon to that are going to help
Drive revenue for organization um just
the people that I've worked with not
only Sam but also his team who handles
it they just turn things around very
quickly they're extremely thorough and
how they explain it to me and my team um
because I do have some people on my team
who don't specialize and SEO or just
have a very Baseline understanding of it
and they do such a good job of
explaining exactly what we're doing and
the reporting is extremely thorough um
and they're not vanity metrics uh as a
marketer uh I've worked with a lot of
agencies that I'll just report some
metrics to you that you know aren't very
meaningful um and they just kind of go
through the motions and so all the
reports that we get are high quality the
metrics that we're measuring are the
ones that really move the needle for our
business um everything is on time
everything just moves forward and the
way that we discuss there are never any
surprises or Road bumps and so it's just
been a really great process so highly
recommend working with Sam and B2B and
if you are a B2B marketer you just you
have to partner with somebody who really
understands what you're going through in
the trenches and they definitely do um
I've worked with a lot of agencies and
burned a lot of dollars in time that I
can't get back and I really wish that I
had worked with Sam in Breaking B2B
sooner so couldn't recommend them enough
for SEO cro hosting and managing your
website um as a whole with support um
and also just Sam is somebody who is got
so much knowledge that he shares freely
on LinkedIn and so definitely give them
a follow listen to the podcast um and
become a fan thanks